1.	Login screen - remove the text "Login"
2.	Login screen - Make the text "Enter your mobile number to continue" prominent by increasing the font size and making it bold
3.	Login screen - Change the text "Send OTP" to "Continue"
4.	Login screen - Upon clicking the "Continue" button, the users shall land on the "Tell Us About Yourself" screen
5.	For now, hide the "Verify OTP" screen. This means there won't be any OTP verification process.
6.	Tell Us About Yourself screen - In the "Your location" input field, the user should be able to manually enter the name of the location. 
7.	Tell Us About Yourself screen - Provide a new field that displays the user's map location. User should be able to use "Use Current Location", the app should accurately fetch the current location. 
8.	Farmer - Post a Job screen - The farmer user shall not be allowed to select today's date and tomorrow's date while posting the job. 
9.	Farmer - "What's your budget?" screen - The application shall automatically calculate the budget using the formula (Rs.650 x duration selected x workers needed). The farmer shall not be able to enter a value less than (Rs.650 x duration selected x workers needed)
10.	Farmer - Edit Job screen - The farmer user shall not be allowed to select today's date and tomorrow's date while posting the job.
11.	Farmer - Hide the "Notifications" tab for now. 
12.	Farmer - User should be able to edit their name, mobile number, and location. A button "Edit" shall be provided in the Profile screen to allow user to edit these fields.
13.	Associate - The "Jobs" screen is not displaying the job posts for the selected skills
14.	Associate - Hide the "Notifications" tab for now.
15.	Associate - User should be able to edit their name, mobile number, and location. A button "Edit" shall be provided in the Profile screen to allow user to edit these fields.
16.	Associate - "Jobs" listing screen - Clicking "Interested" button for an active job is removing the job from the "Jobs" screen. It should be retained, but the status should be changed to "Interested".
17.	Admin - Remove the text "Admin Login" 
18.	Admin - "Jobs" screen - Remove the column "Job Id" from the table 
19.	Admin - "Jobs" screen - Add column "Workers" - This column should display the count of workers needed for the job
20.	Admin - "Jobs" screen - Add column "Days" - This column should display the number of days required by the farmer
21.	Admin - "Jobs" screen - Add column "Budget" - The budget value entered by the farmer
22.	Admin - "Jobs" screen - The order of the columns - Requested By, Mobile, Service, Workers, Days, Budget, Status, and Action
23.	Admin - "Jobs" screen - Provide a button "Post a Job" to allow the admin to post a job on behalf of a farmer.
24.	Admin - "Job Details" screen - Remove "Job ID"
25.	Admin - "Job Details" screen - Instead of "Date & Time", display "Date"
26.	Admin - "Job Details" screen - Provide map link to the farmer's location
27.	Admin - "User Details" screen -Remove "User ID"
28.	Admin - "User Details" screen - Provide map link to the user's location
29.	Admin - "User Details" screen - "Associated Jobs" table - Remove "Job ID"
30.	Admin - "Services" screen - The services added by the admin are not reflecting on the farmer's post a job screen and associates skill selection screen. They all should match.
